Stand up sharply;You died from standing up too sharply
Get up;You died because you didn't get up slowly enough
Dangerous bottle;Don't drink from the gutter anymore! Although it doesn't matter, you're already dead.
Nuclear fart;Well, who drinks an incomprehensible liquid in a flying saucer?
Red button;Be careful from now on! In the next life...
Space debris;Congratulations! You have become space debris.
Reborn as an elf prince;I was looking for copper, but I found gold
Deadly spit;Did you give a damn about everything or did they give a damn about you?
Prison wall kick;Newton's Third Law went out to take a walk
Dazzling brightness;You just wanted to see the kittens
The Darwin awards;Congratulations! You have been awarded a Darwin Award!
Wiped off the face of the Moon;The beam overtook you, erasing you from the face of the Moon
Cool pose;But in a cool pose!
Waited for the guide;There are no guides in the prison!
Hammer from above;The last thing you felt was heaviness
The chicken dance;You were just looking for an audience to dance
Refund;Returned your gift
How to play backgammon;You should not start the game without knowing the rules
Killjoys;What a killjoys they are
Drank molten metal;You've been burned through
Bath in molten metal;One piece with metal
Thumbs up;You gave a thumbs up to the very end
The last jump;Strange, why didn't it work?
Cannonballed;Poor cleaners
Lost your head;The flower was so beautiful that you lost your head
Blown up by seed;Bombically delicious
It wasn't a pie;It was actually a blaster
Drank from the creek;What is this feeling that eats away from the inside?
It was not a water;But purple inspired confidence
Magma soup;The stones were over-salted
Absolute zero soup;You are an exhibit in the museum of the Ice Age!
Fish soup;Reverse soup
Swelling soup;You literally burst
Luxurious soup;But it was worth it!
Infinite soup;You died from overeating
Endless desert;The Humane Society liked it.
Pyramid climber;You didn't have enough stimulus in the form of dogs pursuing
Fried eggs;Finally, some good food
Eaten by spider;And then ate
Kicked a spider;But then wasn’t confused and ate
Explosive spider;The spider exploded and destroyed everything around
Cocoon;Initiative is punishable
Unlucky compliment;How headless are you
The bar of cool dudes;Without long introductions, the man died
Disposable pen;All pens are disposable, but this one has gone too far
Death page;Death Page
The pattern on the ceiling;Now the ceiling is decorated with a beautiful pattern
Too loud computer;Your neighbors' computer
The skeleton in the closet;Didn't teach how to knock?
Crushed by the walls;You're completely broken
Evil happiness;Even happiness can be used in the sake of evil
Paradise ending;You died happily
Waiting for death;There was almost no energy of happiness
Volunteer;A small contribution to a bright future
To die of old age;And died of old age
How are they doing;I wonder how they are doing
Ordinary resident;And didn't recognize their friends
Real hero;Heroes are not born