You woke up in a ditch after a party and died from standing up too sharply.
You woke up in a ditch after a party and died because you didn't get up slowly enough.
You died from drinking from a bottle that contained a mixture of ditch water and alcohol.
Because you drank a canister of flying saucer fuel, a huge explosion occurred.
You pressed the self-destruct button on the flying saucer.
Because you drank half of the fuel, the flying saucer did not reach the Moon and you died due to lack of air.
You decided to meditate and ended up being reborn as an elf prince in another world.
In prison, you spat on the floor, but the spit ricocheted and pierced your skull.
The blow to the prison wall came back to you and tore you into pieces.
Your heart stopped because of the high brightness of the phone for the dark prison.
You decided to wait to see what would happen if the blaster beam caught up with you, for which you were posthumously awarded the Darwin awards.
The beam continued to ricochet off the walls of the prison cell, incinerating you after a while.
You managed to strike a cool pose before you were incinerated by a blaster beam.
You didn't know where to go after escaping from a prison cell and decided to wait for the guide. But after a while, the guards arrived and incinerated you with blasters.
After escaping from a prison cell, you came across guards and decided to fight. But were flattened by a hammer blow from above.
After escaping from the prison cell, you came across the guards and decided to show them the chicken dance. But you were incinerated by a blaster.
After escaping from the prison cell, you came across the guards and decided to throw a blaster in the face of one of them. He threw his own in response, breaking your skull.
After escaping from the prison cell, you came across the guards and decided to join their backgammon game. But, not knowing the rules, you played like "Chapaev", which is why you were incinerated with a blaster.
After escaping from the prison cell, you came across the guards and offered them to dance, but you were incinerated with a blaster.
You decided to drink molten metal.
You decided to swim in molten metal.
You decided to lie down on the conveyor, but a mechanical claw lowered you into a vat of molten metal.
You found yourself on a platform with a control panel and, seeing the portal below, decided to jump and crashed.
You found yourself on a platform with a control panel and, seeing the portal below, decided to cannonball. Your pieces are scattered all over the site.
You come to a sunflower-like plant. The last thing you saw, it had eyes and a mouth full of sharp teeth.
You decided to eat the seed of a sunflower-like plant. When interacting with saliva, the seed produced a strong explosion.
You decided to eat a petal of a sunflower-like plant. Due to hallucinations, you ate a blaster.
You drank from the purple stream. The liquid turned out to be acid.
You decided to cross the purple stream. The liquid turned out to be acid.
You decided to eat a warming soup, but it turned out to be magma soup with stones flavored with ash.
You decided to eat a cooling soup, but it turns out to be a soup served at absolute zero.
You decided to eat fishe soup, but the fishes turned out to be predatory and alive.
You decided to eat a swelling soup that grew in size too quickly inside the body and you literally burst.
You decided to eat a luxurious soup, but your heart stopped after just one spoon because of how delicious it was.
You decided to eat infinite soup, but couldn't stop and died from overeating.
You came across a pyramid and decided to go in the opposite direction. Your strength is gone.
You came across a pyramid and decided to climb on it, but you didn’t have enough strength.
Inside the pyramid, you came across a sleeping spider and decided to cook fried eggs from spider eggs, but the spider woke up and cooked you.
Inside the pyramid, you came across a sleeping spider and skipped off, whistling. The spider woke up and ate you.
Inside the pyramid, you came across a sleeping spider and decided to kick him, for which he ate you.
Inside the pyramid, you came across a sleeping spider and decided to shoot at it with a blaster, but it exploded, destroying everything around.
Inside the pyramid, you came across a sleeping spider and decided to kick one of the spider eggs, which led to the spiders hatching. The spider woke up and fed you to the spiders.
At the bar inside the pyramid, you complimented the Crocodile, causing him to sheepishly bite your head off.
In the bar inside the pyramid, you decided to show off, for which you paid with your life.
You pressed the cap of the pen, but it exploded.
Looking through the notes, on the last sheet you saw the inscription “Whoever reads it will die.” Your heart stopped.
You have decided to sit on a chair. The mechanism lifted the chair to the ceiling and flattened you.
You decided to turn on the computer in your office, but it hummed so loudly that the sound wave tore your internal organs.
You decided to open the closet, but a skeleton turned out to be there and incinerated you with a blaster.
In a room with a fan, you pressed a button, causing the walls to instantly shrink and crush you.
You told the whole world about Rackford's disease. Scientists have learned to work with the energy of happiness. But some authorities and criminals used happiness in the name of evil.
You remained on the Moon with conditions the same as for all inhabitants.
You flew to Earth and landed on the moon a year before you died. Then just waited for your death.
You flew to Earth and landed on the Moon a year before your death. Then decided not to wait a year and let drain your energy.
You asked to erase your memory, after which you flew to Earth. Died of old age.
You flew to Earth and lived the rest of your life there, periodically remembering your adventures and missing your friends.
You asked for your memory to be erased, and then you flew to Earth. A year before you died, you got to the moon.
You helped Velgem with the accumulation of energy by giving your life.